README.md, before:

# Urban Riders

An open source Web Application and platform to organize and participate in cycling events, connect to Strava and compete in challenges, with exclusive rewards and gamified achievements.

> **Warning**
> This app is a work in progress. I'm building this in public. You can follow the progress on Twitter [@phaneendrak](https://twitter.com/phaneendrak).
> See the roadmap below or follow my log

## About this project

This platform is specific for one cycling club and enables to manage various club activities, challenges, events and blogs. Some of the Key features being built or planned to be built

- Basic Website features including a responsive header footer and mobile navigation
- Marketing home page which display
  - Latest Posts
  - Featured Events
  - Featured Products
  - Recent Marketplace Ads
- A ecommerce Marketplace where users and members will be able to see
  - Featured Products
  - Recent Ads
  - Featured Stores
- A Events listing page enabling users and members find and participate in events
- A Blogs listing page which shows
  - Latest Posts
  - Featured Posts ( Most liked)
  - Blog categories and posts under it
  - Various Tags for blogs
- A Challenges Page ( Show what you get by login) (TBD)
- A basic dashboard shell with a page header, side navigation and a botom bar for mobile view
- A dashboard which enabled admins to
  - create and edit events
  - create and edit challenges
  - manage users and members
  - manage budgets and inventory
- A dashboard which enable users and members to
  - view and edit profile
  - create posts
  - manage their settings and preferences
  - manage their orders
  - view and subscribe to challenges
  - view club activities and leaderboards
  - view their fitness levels and progress
  - view their stats and personal records
  - view their achivements and badges

## Note on Performance

> **Warning** > **Expect some performance hits when testing the dashboard**.
> If you see something broken, you can raise an Issue .

## Roadmap

- [x] ~Add MDX support for basic pages~
- [x] ~Build marketing pages~
- [x] ~Payments using Stripe or Razor Pay~
- [x] ~Responsive styles~
- [x] ~Add OG image for blog using @vercel/og~
- [x] Dark mode

## Technical Features

- New `/app` dir,
- Routing, Layouts, Nested Layouts and Layout Groups
- Data Fetching, Caching and Mutation
- Loading UI
- Route handlers
- Metadata files
- Server and Client Components
- API Routes and Middlewares
- Authentication using **Lucia.js**
- Database on **Convex**
- UI Components built using **Radix UI**
- Documentation and blog using **MDX** and **Contentlayer**
- Payments and Subscriptions using **Stripe**
  - You can test the payment flow end to end using Stripe's test card numbers
- Styled using **Tailwind CSS**
- Validations using **Zod**
- Written in **TypeScript**

## Known Issues

A list of things not working right now:

1. ~Authentication (use email)~
2. ~[Next.js 13: Client side navigation does not update head](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/issues/42414)~
3. [Cannot use opengraph-image.tsx inside catch-all routes](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/issues/48162)

## Why not tRPC, Turborepo or X?

I might add this later. For now, I want to see how far we can get using Next.js only.

If you have some suggestions, feel free to create an issue.

## Running Locally

- Install dependencies using pnpm:

```sh
pnpm install
```

- Copy `.env.example` to `.env.local` and update the variables.

```sh
cp .env.example .env.local
```

- Start the development server:

```sh
pnpm dev
```

To test the payments flow, follow these steps:

1. Sign up for Stripe for free at `https://stripe.com/`
2. Install the stripe CLI

3. Run in local
   `stripe listen --forward-to localhost:5173/stripe`
   or
   register the webhook endpoint’s URL `https://<CONVEX DEPLOYMENT>.convex.site/stripe` using the Webhooks section in the Developer Dashboard

4. Copy the "Your webhook signing secret" from the output of the listen command, and set it as `STRIPE_WEBHOOKS_SECRET` environment variable on your Convex dashboard
5. Copy your test secret API key from the code example on `https://stripe.com/docs/checkout/quickstart` and set it as `STRIPE_API_KEY` environment variable on your Convex dashboard

You can then use the test credit card details to go through the payment flow, see `https://stripe.com/docs/checkout/quickstart#testing`
Test credit card for India : 4000003560000008

## License

Licensed under the [MIT license](https://github.com/phaneendra/urbanriders/blob/main/LICENSE.md).

Commit message:

feat(styling): :sparkles: add and fix Icon Button styles
- Fixed Icon Button component stylings - Started work on fixing Vercel Build failures, still needs more work and restructuing to include src folder due to clash between include and exclude in tsconfig

README.md, after:

# Urban Riders

An open source Web Application and platform to organize and participate in cycling events, connect to Strava and compete in challenges, with exclusive rewards and gamified achievements.

> **Warning**
> This app is a work in progress. I'm building this in public. You can follow the progress on my (log file)[LOG.md].
> See the roadmap below or follow my (log)[LOG.md]

## About this project

This platform is specific for one cycling club and enables to manage various club activities, challenges, events and blogs. Some of the Key features being built or planned to be built

- Basic Website features including a responsive header footer and mobile navigation
- Marketing home page which display
  - Latest Posts
  - Featured Events
  - Featured Products
  - Recent Marketplace Ads
- A ecommerce Marketplace where users and members will be able to see
  - Featured Products
  - Recent Ads
  - Featured Stores
- A Events listing page enabling users and members find and participate in events
- A Blogs listing page which shows
  - Latest Posts
  - Featured Posts ( Most liked)
  - Blog categories and posts under it
  - Various Tags for blogs
- A Challenges Page ( Show what you get by login) (TBD)
- A basic dashboard shell with a page header, side navigation and a botom bar for mobile view
- A dashboard which enabled admins to
  - create and edit events
  - create and edit challenges
  - manage users and members
  - manage budgets and inventory
- A dashboard which enable users and members to
  - view and edit profile
  - create posts
  - manage their settings and preferences
  - manage their orders
  - view and subscribe to challenges
  - view club activities and leaderboards
  - view their fitness levels and progress
  - view their stats and personal records
  - view their achivements and badges

## Note on Performance

> **Warning** > **Expect some performance hits when testing the dashboard**.
> If you see something broken, you can raise an Issue .

## Technical Features

- New `/app` dir,
- Routing, Layouts, Nested Layouts and Layout Groups
- Data Fetching, Caching and Mutation
- Loading UI
- Route handlers
- Metadata files
- Server and Client Components
- API Routes and Middlewares
- Authentication using **Lucia.js**
- Database on **Convex**
- UI Components built using **Radix UI**
- Documentation and blog using **MDX** and **Contentlayer**
- Payments and Subscriptions using **Stripe**
  - You can test the payment flow end to end using Stripe's test card numbers
- Styled using **Tailwind CSS**
- Validations using **Zod**
- Written in **TypeScript**

## Known Issues

A list of things not working right now:

1. ~Authentication (use email)~
2. ~[Next.js 13: Client side navigation does not update head](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/issues/42414)~
3. [Cannot use opengraph-image.tsx inside catch-all routes](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/issues/48162)
4. All color variables from radix are included using windy-radix-pallete make it to use only specific pallete
5. Fix warning displayed using duration arbitary utility class

## Why not tRPC, Turborepo or X?

I might add this later. For now, I want to see how far we can get using Next.js only.

If you have some suggestions, feel free to create an issue.

## Running Locally

- Install dependencies using pnpm:

```sh
pnpm install
```

- Copy `.env.example` to `.env.local` and update the variables.

```sh
cp .env.example .env.local
```

- Start the development server:

```sh
pnpm dev
```

To test the payments flow, follow these steps:

1. Sign up for Stripe for free at `https://stripe.com/`
2. Install the stripe CLI

3. Run in local
   `stripe listen --forward-to localhost:5173/stripe`
   or
   register the webhook endpoint’s URL `https://<CONVEX DEPLOYMENT>.convex.site/stripe` using the Webhooks section in the Developer Dashboard

4. Copy the "Your webhook signing secret" from the output of the listen command, and set it as `STRIPE_WEBHOOKS_SECRET` environment variable on your Convex dashboard
5. Copy your test secret API key from the code example on `https://stripe.com/docs/checkout/quickstart` and set it as `STRIPE_API_KEY` environment variable on your Convex dashboard

You can then use the test credit card details to go through the payment flow, see `https://stripe.com/docs/checkout/quickstart#testing`
Test credit card for India : 4000003560000008

## License

Licensed under the [MIT license](https://github.com/phaneendra/urbanriders/blob/main/LICENSE.md).
